get a lot of time to think sometimes
Shawn Anna my man Roman went out to see
the fight I got to get to bed because I
want to go see my kids t-ball game got
early for their put like 430 so the
thing is when when traveling frequently
you spend a lot of time so when I'm in
hotels here's the thing in order two
chicken breasts is it the hotel
restaurant baked potato and steamed
veggies and that's perfectly bro just
got done training it's 930 is my last
meal of the day I just want to clear
some things up man I joke around man I
love Canada I mean it's amazing people
took what I said seriously I'm joking
around I wouldn't be in Canada seriously
making fun of a country I mean seriously
come on guys but anyway what I'm going
to get at it's not old glory it's not
all glamour I'm sitting on them all
alone eating and this is my life this is
what I do 300 days a year and I'm not
complaining i love it today that a great
time at the trade show one of those
productive shows I've ever been to the
chfa met a ton of great people the
Bulldog nutrition guys nutrition house
all those guys came by it was such a
great time Matt up with Mike the vp of
True North I mean what a great freakin
show saw some people haven't seen a long
time coming up with a guy from ronnie
coleman Derek and Lee Mike from pro subs
saw Billy from nutrition and good old
friends and this is the industry i live
in this is what I love and I just knew
to call it a night and stay back while
they went out because I want to be able
to function tomorrow i have one day at
home sunday and monday morning i leave
for California I'm there all week till
thursday thursday i drive to the olympia
and after the olympia on sunday i fly
home with my man massive Joe he's gonna
be staying at my house we be doing a lot
of business in Illinois we're even going
to drive over to Ohio and visit mts
headquarters so that's it guys again
look at gander at this food and always
have a decaf coffee before bed man I
appreciate you guys watching thanks so
much and I'm kind of subdued but you
don't want to boom and say it's not a
game of a restaurant but just for the
record I love
canada ok and all the mean comments
about me not competing the week i'm
going to compete here's what's going on
i'm actually going to be in canada
november third through seventh doing
tours of all the stores in the area
doing events in the Greater Toronto Area
doing an event at bulldog nutrition it
might be a special guest with me I'll be
with Sean that's what I'm doing man it's
all about business I just can't compete
right now guys it's ten o'clock in
Canada I just got done with the dev a
trade on my diet I've been eating good
I'm still looking good but it's not
contest prep I'm not cemented I'm not
doing anything try to throw my company
okay I'm trying to get out tonight I'm
going home tomorrow but be in my family
you know what I'm going to take my kids
out for frozen yogurt I'm not gonna
count a fucking back row it's not time
for me to compete it's just not fucking
time for me to compete I wish you guys
there's no ulterior motive I'm not
chickening out I know my weaknesses i
know my arms aren't that big I'm not
dropping out in my arms aren't that big
I don't even know who's in the fucking
show phone I know Steve Urkel for those
of you olds me it could be in the
fucking show I don't care I don't care
if I can walk in and no I'm gonna win a
hundred percent it's a fucking trophy
and a cheap ass prize dude the prize
money ain't worth shit to me I'm gonna
make more money coming out here and
supporting my accounts than I will them
and when I go home I want to give my
family a hundred percent I'm just sick
and fucking tired of you trolls going
off of me like I'm doing something
malicious I'm doing something bad and
I'm just trying to be the best
businessman and family person I can and
for me to tell people bodybuilding
should enhance not take over one's life
and then for me to let it take over my
life and affect my business and my
family I'd be a hypocritical piece of
shit so all you people in the comments
section just saying you're mean shit I
should have read it I made a mistake
extremely just I'm disappointed I'm
really disappointed after all I tried to
give back and I'm really just finding
you guys really thought I hated
Canadians i really i don't get the
fucking metric system because i was
fucking educated in california
california education fucked me up did
guys I'm done for the night I'm going to
bed the up at 3am doing my cardio in the
hotel and then I'm gonna go to the
airport I'll meet this fucking food bar
club honor Tiger fitness
thanks for watching I'll see you guys
next week in California mike rashid i'll
be with my boy and I'll see you guys
soon I'm just going to tell you guys
it's not a game
you